Lets make it a rule that each time user clicks on preview /play button and then clicks on play button on a different preview, the first preview that was originally playing stops so there can only be one preview playing at a time.  also make sure the scroll bar in desktop appears on the right edge of the page, not where it is currently. Remember that on page 4 we have different view options and some of them still have the scroll bar not attached to the right edge of the page. Make sure its fixed  I really love the way the user can select from the view grid options on page 4. I’m talking about the dark mode modal that appears in the bottom left corner above the footer. Can we implement a same kind of modal on page 2? (same design but slightly different icons matching the different view options) after you implement this new feature, delete the icon that was previously used to switch on the view options modal. Additional info: I really love the modal from page 4 because it doesn’t have any text and it communicates with images instead of writing a lot of text

We no longer need the image icon in empty image container to move around. If we have a moving animation like this set to the audio container that is empty then please fix it too. We don’t need these two icons to move   on desktop, the scroll bar on page 3 should be too on the right edge of the page  on page 2, when we hover over the move tool (drag tool) in the image container or if we hover over the X (delete button) in the image container, it should have shadow (so we can see the shape of the icon more clearly as sometimes text is underneath, but this will help visually distinguish the shape of the drag tool and the delete “x” button in the image container  I’m currently generating videos on page 3 and I noticed the little image previews of the videos show different image before I click on the play button and after I click on the preview play button. The image preview should always look exactly as the video, the tricky part is, that pages 3 and 4 all seem have a few different sizes of the video preview containers and each should have a preview image (visible before we click on play button) properly set so it shows exactly the same thing as shows up when we click on the play button.  also spacing slider doesn’t have to show number of Px. Also in Czech version  it shouldn’t say “spacing” but “rozestup” also make sure the fade to black isn’t as prominent on the spacing so we can read the G at the end of the text “SPACING” also change the icon for the slider to look more like the actual slider shape that we use and move this icon to the left from the settings icon in the footer  make sure the settings icon in the footer has the same colour as the left arrow in the footer  on page, when viewing each of the two alternative grid/view options after dragging by the move/drag handle I noticed the container that’s in the was dragging had the original size of the container even though I was in a view option that shows the container sizes a little bit differently.   in the settings modal make sure the video preview is bigger so fills the preview card with proper padding.  The settings modal needs to be properly set up for being viewed in mobile view. Desktop looks great but mobile view doesn’t fit properly. Maybe in mobile, the settings modal can show the video preview at the top with the settings and options on a card below (don’t damage desktop version)  in mobile view the landing page shouldn’t show the users profile image in the header  in mobile, the page 1 of the typebeatz app should show a different size of the unlimited badge (or the same badges that appear for the other types of subscriptions.) in mobile this badge should not have a pill within the header and should be a text that is located below the typebeatz logo in the header instead. It should appear 2px below the white typebeatz logo aligned to the right edge of the logo in the header) if this doesn’t make sense just ask and I will explain more. T